Steps to build the site

Front End:
	HTML for site pages
		1:Home page
		2:Individual Artits page
		3:Artist Compare Page
		4:Artist seach page
		5:Artist Request Page
	Style for each page



Back End:

	:Text sorter(takes a body of text and sorts words in order from most used to least used. along with a counter of how many time the word is used in the text)
	
	:Artist and song Database 
	
	:Rating Progam(takes stats gleaned from the sorted word list and produces a rating for the artist)
	
	:WebScraping (will take a given artist name and use a built in URL to seach for the aritst lyrics, if none can be find will return a false bool to be used in the searchfor())
	
	:Search for() takes in artist name and passes it to WebScraping() if WebScraping() finds the data i needs will create a new class for the aritst and their songs then show the user the data and ask them if they wish to add the data into the database. if WebScraping() returns a Flase bool then it will inform the user and add the artist to the list of artits that will need to be added using another method. 










Classes 

Artist	
	:Name
	:Artist id
	:Age
	:Origin 
	:Carreer Age
	:Image File (potentialy could give a found photo of artist when webscraping )
	:Songs-class
	
Songs
	:Name
	:Album
	:Artist id
	:Year 
	:Lyrics 






Goal of Prjocet?  Construct a site that will give access to a database of aritis and their song lyrics. 




Q: what will you be able to do on the site?
A: home page should have a few different options. 
	1: General search for artist and their songs 
		: Artist page should include: Name, geanre, time period, List of songs with lyrics 
	2: a button to compaire two artits against eachother
		: This will compare two artits with a ranking that looks at criteria such as vocabulary 
			;things like.... number of times they have used there most used word 
			;general variaity over total number of words used 
			;other ideas to come---
	3: a submit artist option to add new artits that are not contained in the database 
		: I will gather data on a number of artits and put them into the database to start the site of. however, i would like to have a query list where other people can ask for artits to be added to the site. Finding a site that will have a format where i can scrape all the lyrics could prove difficult so im expecting some modifcations to my web scraper program to be made. 
		: however, if i can find a good site that has a simple search url the database could be updated atuomaticly if the program can run all the way through. 
		
		
